Read The Docs support (#16)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-statistics-backend: README.md

Once the build completes, the generated documentation can be found in `<path_to_ws>/fastdds_statistics_backend_ws/install/fastdds-statistics-backend/docs/fastdds-statistics-backend/sphinx/html/index.html`

##### Simulating the Read The Docs build

Read the Docs generates the documentation using Sphinx and [conf.py](docs/conf.py).
This means that it does not execute any colcon or CMake commands.
[conf.py](docs/conf.py) provides some extra logic to generate the Doxygen documentation when running on a Read the Docs environment.
This is done by means of the environment variable `READTHEDOCS`. When this variable is set to `True`, [conf.py](docs/conf.py) will detect the Read The Docs environment and act accordingly.

> Simulate the ReadTheDocs operation can be done from with the repository, independently from the `colcon` build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulation of the ReadTheDocs operation can be done from with the repository, independently from the `colcon` build.
```

> To do that, make sure there is no `build` directory on the repositories root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that, make sure there is no `build` directory on the repositories' root directory.
```
